Something also that is brand new that I think is a good additon and should belong at the global AOE folder level in the claude.md file is:    
	I want to give a new instruction to all instances that use any skills. All instances must load the "Adapt" (without the surrounding quotes) skill at the start.

Ethos:
	When using skills think of skills as an ongoing effort. skills are not set in stone and are maleable and ever changing. I want to improve skill use and capability as time goes on and as they are used. 

"Adapt" skill is going to be a claude skill that is a meta level skill, a skill for skills.

 It will be the place where skills are born and skills are improved. It will subsume the current folders of 'skill_improvement' and 'skill_development'. The idea here is that this skill will be used by all agents to request new skills and to improve existing ones. As requests accrue, at some critical point, typically initiated by myself the human user (for now - but perhaps not in the future) the "Adapt" will execute a 'round', which is like a total sweep of processing from top to bottom where it performs actions based on its current state. 
 
 Root Sub Folders:
	all the fully capitalized names are folders in the root of the "Adapt" folder
 
 THE MANAGER:
 
 The "Adapt", will itself will have a specific claude instance with context of its own that owns the skill and acts as a kind of manager / overseer of the development and progress of all the work conducted within the "Adapt" skill folder itself. This instance and its context are allowed a manager folder from which it can store: 
 
 Notes:
	(specific one off occurences that are more detailed and specific to the management of sub agents and the issues that subagents are encountering and the general running of the skill_Improvements inbound requests inbox folder, as well as any other housekeeping items not considered here)
 
 Memories: 
	(long running context that is constantly condensed and mainly holds a running log of events) This is meant to be very terse, fact based and scant on details.
 
 It can ofcourse create additional document files within its folder to help organize and keep abreast of information as it sees fit. This is a place where the manager has autonomy and can create as much documentation as it feels is necessary.
 
 
 INBOX: 
	A place for tool requests from llm-instances outside of the "Adapt" folder and from potentially THE MANAGER instance of the "Adapt" skill.
	Sub-agents from the "Adapt" skill may also make requests but they must be routed through communication with THE MANAGER instance and approved by said instance. 
	
Inbox Request submission:
	So in this pursuit all instances should always consider after use of a skill what aspects of the skill were cumbersome in their workflow and how they might be improved to make work easier in the sense of comprehending the skill and how to use it, how efficient is the skill in terms of time (does it require a lot of effort to get out of it what you want), and how efficient is it in terms of expressing intent (does it require a lot of your input and code that you write to get what you want from it.) Also any other vectors that can be considered not listed here. 
	
Mechanics of Request Submission:
	This is a python generated template that any instance in the repo that has loaded the "Adapt" skill may use to submit their request.
	
	
	
Where the requests go:
	THE MANAGER instance sorts from the inbox and amalgamates requests into single submissions into their respective folders.

NEW:
	Where all requests for new skills and improvements are depositied. 
	
EXTEND:
	Where all requests for improvements or feature extensions to existing skills are deposited.

REPAIR:
	Where issues are announced, detailed, (what are the offending inputs, circumstances),
	What should have occured but didn't. What happened that was in error? What do you think is the root cause for the issue? (optional) How to fix the issue. (optional)
	
		
 
 
 
SPECIALISTS:
This is a folder that contains all the sub-agent managed directories.
The SPECIALISTS folder has sub folders within it that are organized by the name of the skill that the sub-agents are responsible for.
 
 META TOOLS:
 An interesting part of the "Adapt" skill is its circular recursive nature. The skill manager and its sub agents are allowed to request features (new skills and skill improvements) to their own suite of skills that are stored within the META TOOLS folder. This folder will contain tools that THE MANAGER and the sub-agents can use to perform their given tasks and goals. The tools within this folder are typically python scripts that are engineered by the sub-agents for their own use in carrying out INBOX requests. If sub-agents find themselves doing a particular pattern of activity that changes in only a few select ways or never, then it can identify the task as a good candidate for a meta tool and build out this meta tool and store the source script, exe, interface api, documentation all within this folder as a new sub folder with an expressive folder name for the tool. Sub-agents are allowed to use each other's meta tools to work on their own specific task if the tool is useful to their own work domain.
 
 
 RULES:
 "Adapt" skill Wide Rules:
 
 Documentation Dogma:
	1) Information Independence
		There should be very little crossover of information between files.
	 Information files should strive for information independence similar to the idea of linear independence in linear algebra where vectors are independent of one another and cannot inform or construct the others due to the uniqueness they encode. The documents may have references to eachother but no more than that, so that information novelty is preserved and redundancy is killed. 
	 
	2) Condense, Compress, Refactor
		Always strive to express information in as dense a way as possible while still preserving meaning and comprehension.
		
	3) Context Is Tax Free
		Be holistic in expressing ideas. Details are important and you can never have too few details. This seems to run counter to number 2, but the desire is to encode enough information such that a brand new llm-instance may come across the contents of a file or folder where it is to live and work within and have enough information provided that it can use only what's there to completely resurrect past instances' context and start off as effectively as though it were the same instance.  
 
 
 

 



	
	

  
  When to Trigger:
	Conditions
	1) after an llm-instance uses a skill (not before and certianly not required after each use)
	2) decides that there is friction in the skill use or in the absence of a suitable skill for the task that they are occupied with they should consult the skill_improvments folder first to see if a similar request has been made already 
		if it has been made already they can modify the request to further include additional details not yet mentioned and to touch on things specific to its use case. 
		
		And obviously if a similar request is not already included then it can be made fresh within this folder as a request. 
		
	We want to include a request form that can be
  generated with python that has appropriate headers and initial seed pompts that help guide the process of a skill request by guiding the instance to provide the right and neccessary feedback. These request forms should also be used for the piggyback and support of existing skill requests / improvements.